cloud: update the steps of installing TiDB Cloud integration in Datadog (#21542)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-datadog-integration.md

### Step 2. Install TiDB Cloud Integration in Datadog

> **Note:**
>
> If you have already installed the TiDB Cloud integration in Datadog, you can skip the following steps in this section. The [**TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/32021/tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker) or [**TiDB Cloud Cluster Overview**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/30586/tidbcloud-cluster-overview) dashboard is automatically available in your Datadog [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).

1. Log in to [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com).
2. Go to the [**TiDB Cloud Integration** page](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations/tidb-cloud) in Datadog.

> 3. In the **Configuration** tab, click **Install Integration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the **Configuration** tab, click **Install Integration**.
```

>     - For Datadog integration (Preview), the [**TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/32021/tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker) dashboard is displayed in your [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).
>     - For Datadog integration (Beta), the [**TiDB Cloud Cluster Overview**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/30586/tidbcloud-cluster-overview) dashboard is displayed in your [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For Datadog integration (Preview), the [**TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/32021/tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker) dashboard appears in your [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).
    - For Datadog integration (Beta), the [**TiDB Cloud Cluster Overview**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/30586/tidbcloud-cluster-overview) dashboard appears in your [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).
```

## View the pre-built dashboard

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com), navigate to the **Integrations** page.
2. Click the **Dashboard** link in the **Datadog** section.

>     - For Datadog integration (Preview), the **Dashboard** link redirects to the new dashboard, which includes the latest metrics introduced in the preview version.
>     - For Datadog integration (Beta), the **Dashboard** link redirects to the legacy dashboard, which does not include the latest metrics introduced in the preview version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For Datadog integration (Preview), the **Dashboard** link opens the new dashboard, which includes the latest metrics introduced in the preview version.
    - For Datadog integration (Beta), the **Dashboard** link opens the legacy dashboard, which does not include the latest metrics introduced in the preview version.
```
